So do you still dare to let me go to the treasure house now?
But you don’t have to be too afraid of him,
Although he is my savior,
But Xiaolan has already used this point.
Otherwise, how could I have heard that the Tomb family and the Yan family are still fine now.
What's going on? He relies on you to be Lord Long's savior.
You have to go against the three top testers,
Although the Han family has now established its name in Jiangdong,
But the Tomb family and the Yan family are still doing well.
It turns out that the letter saved Long Ye’s order and Long Zi’s insurance.
Asking for credit, worrying about spending all the money you have,
Lord Long’s kindness is worthy of his kindness,
You actually wasted it like this
You want to consume the world
Just stay within the KKK's family in the information.
Don't bring your eyes into the island
The collapse in your eyes
Doesn't it work for me overall?
The wrong question will be chosen
If it weren't for the dragon eye
Do you think you can escape the top three?
It's family's revenge
How can I still have the money to support myself like this?
The best restaurant consumption in Jiangdu
Even if he can pay for your consumption
The place we are going to today is fine
It's him who doesn't remember important things
The place for the vertical card lamp is a good package
Not rich
It can be determined
Even if it's my brother
It’s also a small favor
We just found a place where the stand-up lamp can be packed.
You deserve to be there
the singing prince
No matter how big a person is, eating is still a five-year-old honor.
enjoy it
Otherwise it will be all spent
We also give you life-saving money
A life-saving honor
Help these
What could we have been just now
Brother Wang comes to fight the Emperor